docs: add Google Cloud module to deployment (#2938)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/deployment.md

Once you're done, see [Next Steps](#next-steps).

> ### Google Compute Engine (CCE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Compute Engine (GCE)
```

Atlantis can be run on Google Compute Engine using a Terraform module that deploys it as a Docker container on a managed Compute Engine instance. 

> This [Terraform module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/bschaatsbergen/atlantis/gce/latest) features the creation of a Cloud load balancer, a Container-Optimized OS-based VM, a persistent data disk, and a managed instance group. .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [Terraform module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/bschaatsbergen/atlantis/gce/latest) features the creation of a Cloud load balancer, a Container-Optimized OS-based VM, a persistent data disk, and a managed instance group.
```

> This Terraform module features the creation of a Cloud load balancer, a Container-Optimized OS-based VM, a persistent data disk, and a managed instance group.[https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/terraform-gce-atlantis](https://github.com/bschaatsbergen/terraform-gce-atlantis).

Reviewer: Please link to terraform registry

> ### Google Compute Engine (GCE)
> Atlantis can also be run on Google Compute Engine using a Terraform module that deploys it as a Docker container on a managed Compute Engine instance. 
> 
> This Terraform module features the creation of a Cloud load balancer, a Container-Optimized OS-based VM, a persistent data disk, and a managed instance group. [https://registry.terraform.io/modules/bschaatsbergen/atlantis/gce/latest](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/bschaatsbergen/atlantis/gce/latest).
> 
> When you're finished, see [Next Steps](#next-steps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Compute Engine (GCE)
Atlantis can be run on Google Compute Engine using a Terraform module that deploys it as a Docker container on a managed Compute Engine instance. 

This [Terraform module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/bschaatsbergen/atlantis/gce/latest) features the creation of a Cloud load balancer, a Container-Optimized OS-based VM, a persistent data disk, and a managed instance group. .

After it is deployed, see [Next Steps](#next-steps).
```
